Introduction
The Bluefin ask me more details about my projects in NodeJS and I decide to write a documentation with brief details about a sample of Architecture using NodeJS and AWS Cloud enviroment. Sometimes write details about your projects in a resume will expand many words where you need to simplify, so the resume lost your mais goal, simplify details, my decision about a  document is explain more about me and my professional experiences. I have many others examples of project, but probably these will expand days and days drinking the amazing Australian Wine! :)

I have many Non Disclosure Aggremments (NDA) sign with my customers, I can’t expose customers name details and codes about projects I work with, this is not just an respect for a NDA signed, but it’s an ethical behaivor. I decided build from zero a sample of document, there aren’t UML diagrams, requirement documents, integration documents, but just an idea about a proposal  of project, all details could be explainned more in a posible interview if the customer have interest to talk more about. Please don’t hesitate to ask me more about this document, it’ll be a great pleasure explain everthing!

This example consider an hypotetical bank, where the bank decide to start new projects using AWS Cloud enviroment, my responsability and of my time is present a new sample of architecture where security, performance, operationality, availability and scalability are the main elements to integrate this new kind of discipline (cloud) with legacy system in using high platform, low platform and possible the mobile platform. This project is drive to banks where they are moving to digital marketing, where the speed of development, low cost and quick deploy of applications are mandatory for a competitive marketing. The architecture definition use resources of elastic feature of AWS where new instances of server are create on demand, the mais goal of this technology is not just the simple code o NodeJS but the simple script of CloudFormation tool of AWS, where all the infrastructure is a CODE! There is an example of cloudformation template available with this documentation, is an example that I built for a test, I haven’t and I couldn’t show one original sample of my customer where I sign an NDA, but these example is similar the use of this project.

How I told to  Bluefin my team is little, we are 3 solutions architects working with projects for customers like Santander Bank, InfoSys, Unilever… All staff is qualify to all Software Life Cycle Development, requirement, analysis, development, deploy, quality assurance… In the most time in the project all of staff is programming, we expand almost of 70% of the projects programming hands on, not just software but scripts to deploy in cloud enviromments.
